doc: improve live reload documentation (#115)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/workflow/setup-live-reload-hotswap-agent.asciidoc

* To hot swap code when the JVM is not in debug mode, you can add the line `autoHotswap=true` to `hotswap-agent.properties` (in Spring Boot projects), or add the JVM parameter `-javaagent:__<JAVA_HOME>__/lib/hotswap-agent.jar=autoHotswap=true`, where `JAVA_HOME` is the Java home of the TravaOpenJDK installation.
  Explicitly enabling automatic hotswapping may also be required with some older IDEs (such as NetBeans).
* When using the Jetty Maven plugin together with HotswapAgent, ensure automatic restart is disabled (omit or set `<scanIntervalSeconds>` to a value of  `0` or less).
* The Live Reload quiet time (milliseconds since last Java change before refreshing the browser) can be adjusted with the parameter `vaadin.liveReloadQuietTime` in `hotswap-agent.properties`.
  The default is 1000 ms.
  Increase this value if you notice the browser refreshing before modified Java files have been fully compiled.
* IntelliJ IDEA: avoid using the `Build project automatically` and `compiler.automake.allow.when.app.running` options simultaneously, since this may trigger automatic reload before classes are hotswapped properly.

== Current Limitations

> * Since the server does not restart, modifications to startup listeners and code that connects front-end and backend components, such as adding a new `LitTemplate` class, are not reflected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since the server does not restart, modifications to startup listeners and code that connects frontend and backend components, such as adding a new `LitTemplate` class, are not reflected.
```
